---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/writing/drafts/elliot-hiatus-oblivion-drafts/","tags":["Writing/Drafts"]}
---


```table-of-contents
```

## Chapter 1

I heard the sound before anything else came to me. *Drip, drip drip*. I
blinked, but nothing came at first, so I wiggled my toes instead.
Feeling. I was wearing archless shoes with thin socks. I tested myself
by leaning forward. I was sitting upright, I assume, but it's hard to
tell with this vertigo.

There was the faint smell of perfume hanging in the air, enticing. I
knew the smell well, intimately, it was a favorite of mine and reminded
me of someone...

Sound---nearly inaudible breath of someone else---maybe more than one
person.

What had I done this time?

Vision came to me all at once. On the coffee table---unceremoniously
sprawled out---a dead body dripping blood into a building pool of
crimson against white carpet. *Drip, drip, drip*.

I looked around, then. I saw a streak of platinum hair to my right.
That's Togami... my childhood friend. That's good, it's good to have
someone you can trust in a situation like this.

I heard the sound of steel on my right, the unmistakable seething hiss
of a sword being drawn from its scabbard. A man, whom I didn't know the
face of. "Nobody move a muscle!" He stood, waving the sharpened steel
between the four of us.

A woman with a blazing stock of flowing orange hair, across from me---a
green whirlpool of particles closing together around her propped up
hand---slowly making a fist with some intensity.

"No fucking interstice either!" he yelled, fear edging his voice.

"You'd do good to remember that this is my house you are in," the
redhead said.

I recognized the voice, but not her face, and I didn't know where I knew
the voice. I had no idea where I was, for that matter.

"I've locked this room into interstice," the redhead began, looking at
us all. "Nobody leaves until we've figured out the situation. So you,
chubby, sit the fuck down."

He did have a heavy frame, but perhaps that was too crude. The man
swallowed, sitting down with his sword balancing on his lap now. Glaring
back at her. I was afraid he'd have no sense---but he reckoned the
situation right.

We were at her mercy.

"Let's start with introductions," pretty-redhead said. "I'm Aisling,
radio personality and entrepreneur. Welcome to my humble abode." She
looked down at her wrist---she had on a Hologrip, the holographics
popping up from the device in three dimensions. "It is exactly one
o'clock after midnight, and last I remember it was ten."

So that's where I knew her, specifically her voice.

Aisling gestured to Togami, who cleared her throat. *Ahem*. "I'm Togami,
I do a little bit of everything. Last I remember, I was getting ready to
come here---and that would be around ten o'clock. I brought him here,"
she pointed to me, "for business. That's all I remember."

Aisling gestured to the man on my right. He looked around suspiciously,
before beginning. "Abe. I have no idea how I got here, last I remember
it was morning and I was making coffee."

That left me. I could feel their eyes on me. "Call me Elliot. I'm a
design theorist, basically. I also critique art. Last I remember... it
was around ten, and I was waiting for Togami to come over. Said she had
a job for me but not where or what."

I decided already to err on the side of truth. It'd make getting mine
and Togami's stories straight a lot easier. But really, this was already
my win. It was only a matter of time before they realized this.

Aisling stood from her chair and kneeled at the body, first checking for
a pulse on his wrist. I guess it was possible that he was alive---just
extremely unlikely. She then did something unexpected. She put her hand
over the wound opening and felt it through the tear in his clothes,
probably feeling its size and shape.

"It's a knife wound," she grabbed something out of my sight until then,
holding it in the single sixty watt overhead light. "This knife, no
doubt, is the murder weapon. As you can see, he was stabbed in the back
and through his heart."

"I can't be certain without taking off his jacket," Togami said. "But
from here it looks like it would have only clipped the bottom of his
heart, at best." Aisling grabbed the dead man's jacket and shirt,
yanking them up. His blood soaked back and tanned flesh came into our
view, along with the knife wound. I looked to Togami, who nodded.
"You're right, Aisling. It pierced his heart---and the knife was twisted
for good measure."

I heard the man, Abe, gag. It definitely wasn't a pretty sight.

"Does anyone have any other observations?" Aisling asked, pulling the
jacket down over the wound.

"Two things," I said. "Who's the stiff, exactly? And also, I'd like to
know if and how everybody knows each other, there might be something
there." Really, the anticipation was killing me on that last one.

We all seemed to look at chubby Abe at once. His eyes bulged. "I...
don't know anyone here. I'm certain I've never been here before."

"Togami and I have known each other since before we could remember,
childhood friends," I said. "And I've heard your articles online,
Aisling. Although I've never so much as emailed you before. I've never
seen or heard of Abe before, for certain."

"I know Togami through a mutual interest, the underground music scene,"
Aisling said. "And I've never seen Abe before either, although it's not
uncommon to have complete strangers come over..."

"Who are you exactly, Abe?" Togami scratched the back of her head.

"I'm in marketing and graphic design," he pointed to the corpse. "He's
my co-worker, he must've brought me here. His name is---was---Jolb."

"Jolb?" Togami asked.

"I don't know his first name. Everyone calls him Jolb."

Aisling searched the man\'s pants pockets, taking out a thick wallet and
flipping it open. "Jolb, Timothy. That's his name. He's 41 years old.
Tell us everything you know about him, Abe."

"I---I don't know much. I'm surprised I'd go anywhere after work with
him. He was just a co-worker, we didn't have any rapport. But... I do
know he was a social guy at the office, and talented at design."

"What else is inside his wallet?" I reached out my hand, and she tossed
it underhand over to me, then continued to search him. Immediately, I
noticed a large amount of cash. "Way too much to not be doing something
with it..." I whispered. Besides that, just normal cards for discounts
and credit you'd find in any wallet.

"Who do you work for?" Togami asked. I looked up to see his reaction.

"I work for a company that contracts me to other affiliates. Right now,
that contract is out to Cocacola. For Jolb... I think he was in Japan
last I checked. I don't know how he's here, but he was working for
Shrine."

I felt a fleeting emotion come and go through me, one I couldn't
identify so fleeting was it. Whatever it was, it made me doubt myself
momentarily. It was a bit extreme, even by my standards, to kill someone
for being a graphic designer.

Even if they did work for the most evil company in the world.

"What could he be buying?" I asked, tapping the wallet. "He has a
shitload of cash. He must've been buying something."

I looked around at the three other faces present. They looked variously
stupified.

Wait.

I checked my shorts pockets---and answered my own question.

I pulled out a baggie of pinkish powder, three of them were in my pocket
in total, although I only pulled out one. "Figured it out," I said. "He
was buying off me. This is an ounce, and he has perfectly enough for it
in cash. You must've been on a drug run with him, Abe."

Abe crossed his arms, looking at the ground. "I'm not saying it's
impossible that I would do that, but it also seems unlikely to me. I've
got my own dealer, for when I do want to do drugs."

"Have you ever even done this drug?" I asked. "It's partly my creation.
It's called elixir, this is the powder version, but you actually mix it
in a drink like fruit juice, usually with some liquor to mask the
saltiness."

"I've never heard of it," Abe replied.

That means he's not a Hollowist, which I'd been trying to ask without
outright asking for a while. Only a Hollowist would be familiar with
this stuff. On that matter... I turned to Aisling. "Have you heard of
it?"

She shook her head, not looking up from Jolb's Hologrip which she had
taken off his wrist. "No... can't say I do." She put the Hologrip on the
coffee table. "No getting into that, don't know why I even bothered
trying."

It was possible that she didn't know this drug, but she had said she
knew Togami through the underground. She'd almost certainly have been
exposed to it then. I made a mental pin in it.

"Who are you, Abe?" Togami asked. "Why would you be coming here, to this
house? A certain, specific type of people come here."

Now that I think about it, I have three baggies of elixir. One is for my
personal use, and the two others are for people that wanted to buy. I
wouldn't pack it like this otherwise, not under any circumstance.

"I'm not anybody important..." Abe said.

That's an interesting thought... It's almost a revelation, you could
say.

I regarded what I knew so far. Abe was doubtlessly the most suspicious
on paper, but I just couldn't get behind the thought that he was acting
right now. I'd smell right through that bullshit.

Of course, Togami couldn't have done it. By statistical probability, it
was highly unlikely that this person across from me, Aisling, could do
what I can do. Oblivion. It had to be me, but I was doubting even that
now...

Something doesn't add up...

"Let me see the murder weapon," I said. Aisling gingerly picked it up
and handed it to me sideways. It was a stiletto, long and thin. The
handle was elaborately patterned with flowers, and made of hardwood.
Probably white oak. "So nobody recognizes this blade? This stiletto,
with a customized hilt, and perfectly weighted for throwing."

"Quit the sarcastic act," Aisling said. "What are you getting at?"

"Someone of Oblivion erased our memories, but if this is indeed the
murder weapon then the killer would recognize it. It's not something you
just buy at an armory. So, following that logic, nobody here could have
done it, and even if they did we'll never catch them." I shrugged. "We
should give up."

I\'d been working under false assumptions. That I was the only one who
could have done this, but as unlikely as it is to have two Oblivion
users meet by chance, it\'s more unlikely that I would kill a man in
cold blood for being a *designer*.

I felt my face pale.

Not only was I in grave danger, my *osananajimi* was too.

\"The killer would never come forward, though. That\'s why I\'m
investigating,\" Aisling said. There was some irritation there.

I could only hope---nay, I must pray---that the killer is in fact me or
are otherwise outside this room.

But I knew the probabilities, I knew them off the top of my head. People
don\'t just kill others at random. People kill others personally
involved with them.

\"Look, you\'ve gotta stop this *right now*,\" I said. \"They\'ve got us
right where they want us, to pick us off one by one!\"

\"What do you mean?\" Aisling asked.

\"Oblivion. Think about it. We don\'t even know how many times our
memory has been erased so far, and every time we uncover the truth they
can erase our memories again! If you don\'t give us more space, I\'ll
fucking kill you myself to get out of this death trap!\"

\"You\'re right about one thing...\" Aisling trailed off. \"Whoever
killed Jolb, they erased their own memory as well as ours. I know,
because I\'m an Authenticator.\"

Authenticator. They can verify the authenticity, or truthfulness, of any
spoken word so long as they understand the language. And she thought she
could take on Oblivion...

\"You fucking moron!\" I yelled. \"You\'re going to get us all killed!\"

Quick witted Oblivion can kill anything, so long as it has a mind, even
if all it has is *memory*.

\"You\'re wildly suspicious,\" Aisling said. \"Then go ahead and kill
me.\"

My body moved before I thought, the stiletto, twirling in my hand. I
threw it without aiming and jumped head first in the chair---

Into the solar plexus of Abe.

The lazyboy toppled backward and I began a frantic punching, praying
that one of my shots knocked him out before it was too late, that Togami
got the hint and helped me.

Darkness clouded my vision, fading. I groped in this darkness for the
neck, no longer sure of where I was or what I was doing. I found a
sufficiently flabby cylindrical-feeling shape of skin texture and
squeezed, telling myself---

Don\'t let go.

Don\'t forget.

*Please*.

The first thing I noticed was a *thump, thump*. I couldn\'t see. I was
squeezing something so tight that I couldn\'t feel what I had a hold of.

There\'s something of a fatal flaw with erasing memory---you can\'t
erase anything\'s muscle memory. It\'s independent of conscious thought
and even more than that the actions of your muscles can help facilitate
memory by association.

Rule number one of killing someone of Oblivion is to strike first by
starting a repeating or constant action and pray to the gods that when
you come around in a minute you still remember what the hell you were
doing and why.

Vision came back to me---I was holding a twisted neck. With vision, I
could feel where my white knuckles had crushed his windpipe. I slowly
let go, leaning back with exhausted breath.

My memory was foggy, but full effects had been withheld.

\"What the fuck happened here?\" I turned, sitting on top of Abe\'s
corpse, trying to bound to my feet but stumbling. Aisling was standing
up, clutching her head. She must've fallen head first after the
attempted Oblivion.

\"Let\'s say I gave him a taste of his own medicine...\" I looked down
at Abe's lifeless corpse. \"It was a lethal dose.\"

She froze up. She was remembering what had happened. \"He did seem the
most suspicious. I doubt he was expecting me to be able to lock this
room into interstice,\" Aisling said.

I looked down at the floor, something attracting my peripheral vision.

A pool of blood, building at my feet.

There was a sword sticking out of Togami\'s chest.

I remembered a particular part of a poem I wrote.

"They don\'t care whether you live or die. They just wish you were here
sometimes."

It's a sad sentiment I realized after I tried to kill myself. Nobody
gave a shit about my feelings about it---all they had to say was how
they would feel if I died. It's selfish behavior because it ultimately
is about them. Because even the most sympathetic person in the world can
only emulate the pain you feel. You can't actually walk a mile in shoes
not your own. Only a few feet at a time.

My exact attitude---was firmly in the realm of being selfish. What will
I do without her, I thought. Not what I could do for her, not about her
precious life, nor did I stop and lament for a second.

People of Oblivion live and die by their human ties. You lose it without
some connection.

And now mine is gone.

I didn\'t cry.

I sat in her puddle of blood, limply holding her wrist in my right hand,
my left running through her silky midnight hair.

Her body began to dispossess, strands of light filtering slowly upwards.
They formed small orbs out of many filaments and began to circle around
me.

I\'d need a sender for this.

Fuck.

Another thing I couldn\'t pay for...

I looked up at the infinitesimal threads of her life above me. It
started to take the shape of a figure, of a face made of vibrant
threads, and spoke.

\"Gods, you are pathetic.\"

\"I know...\"

\"You didn\'t think I\'d give up that easily, did you?\" The filaments
of the floating face, looking down on me, began to shrink and grow down,
constructing contours of a female body. Togami\'s body. \"It seems my
time isn\'t up yet. I\'ll live on in you, Elliot.\"

The illusion of choice.

She said it like there was any choice in it for either of us.

\"You\'re just being cruel now,\" I said.

\"Nothing cruel about it. You get to have me a lil' bit longer, and I
get to solve some unfinished business. Great, right?\"

\"No... having someone\'s identity fade away while they live inside me,
through me... I\'d rather remember them in their prime. Not as
vengeance.\"

The outline of her body, blue, purple, and black, shrugged. \"Then think
of it as your punishment.\"


## Chapter 002
She had a fucking water bed.

It wouldn't stop rocking.

It was kind of nice.

"Will you get me a glass of water..."

I jumped at the unexpected voice. I forgot I was in Aisley's bed, with
Aisley.

Right.

I opened my eyes, seeing andromeda on the walls. I could just make out
her figure, darker than black. A veritable supermassive black hole at
the center of a universe. Hear the bed sheets crinkle as she tugged on
the blanket, wrapping it around herself tight and pulling some off me.

"Water bed she had / It would not stop *fucking sway* / I kind of liked
it"

"..."

"It was a haiku. I made it for you, take it."

"You're tripping me out," Aisling said. I could hear the ever subtle
remains of her accent now, in this enhanced state. Definitely an Irish
girl.

"Do you mind if I get the water from the bed?"

There was a long pause. I could feel her heartbeat. It was fast.
"Italics shouldn't be in a haiku. It's like adding a whole verse, the
way you said it. Try again while you *go to the kitchen* and leave my
water bed *alone*."

"If you take only the italics from what you said it says 'go to the
kitchen, alone.' That just sounds menacing."

"This is a dictatorship, not a democracy. Get. Water. ...For yourself
too. I know you're not supposed to drink on this stuff. And where did
the comma come from?"

I pushed off the bed, finding sure footing on the ground that felt
strange like I just got off onto land from a long trip. "Coma?"

"No, not coma, comma..." She let out a long sigh, her breath coming as
an exhume of morning dew.

*That doesn't even work for the audience...*

Come to think of it, I am coming from a trip of sorts. "Wanna reup when
I get back?" Had to stay on top of the high, lest the reality get on top
of you.

Loud chirping. "Oh, you weren't playing with words that time. No, let's
cuddle for an hour or so before we go back..."

Go back, she says. Like it\'s a place.

Cicadas shouldn't be in space?

No, no, Elliot. You're in Greece.

*Same difference*.

I put the water on the nightstand and shivered.

\"I don\'t remember going down the stairs... or back up them.\"

\"You should lay down.\" *Glug, glug, glug*. \"Oh, shit! I remember why
I wanted you to come over...\"

The words \"oh, shit\" reverberated in my head so loudly that they
became engraved in my retina like subtitles. I flopped my body into
water head first, feeling like I shot out of a cannon. I suddenly became
aroused. When the waves finally subsided, probably low tide...

Aisley was on top of me. Her breasts pressing against me and nipples
erect with her cheek to my chest, digging in. I grabbed her
head---making twirls of her shoulder length hair. I knew it was red from
the touch.

\"Will you erase this kid\'s memories?\"

\"Ask me when I\'m sober.\"

\"She\'s suicidal though...\"

\"I could fuck it all up right now.\"

\"Authenticity: Zero.\"

\"What the fuck happened to her?\"

\"Mmm... Who fucking knows.\"

\"I was hoping this had to do with graphic design. Fuck me.\"

\"Okay!"

There was enthusiasm there, and not long later I felt soft fingers wrap
around my penis, pulling back my foreskin. I didn\'t mean literally. But
alright...

Aisley was on top of me. Riding me. I couldn't tell how long we'd been
at it, but judging from the discomfort it'd been a while. "Stop, stop,
stop..." I lay my hands on her stomach, pushing back with what strength
I had.

"Not this time... I'm so close..." Her soft, insistent moans echoed. She
leaned in close and sucked my neck with intermediate biting.

This time, she says. Fucking time skips...

My penis was so hard that I couldn't feel her wrapped around me, just a
vague sense of pressure. My thighs were wet with her honey. Then there
was a surge of warm wetness trying to escape, she lifted herself off me
with a gasp, and it surged out of her across my stomach. She was
practically convulsing on my legs, gasping, out of breath.

I let her calm down before I spoke. "Did I take viagra."

"No... Liquid love, you called it. I had a tiny bit, too."

I was going to be hard for a while to come. But that explains the time
skip. I just got too high. "How long have we been at it?"

"I lost track of time. An hour?" Aisley waked up waves to the edge of
the bed. "I'm gonna get the kid."

"Wait... I've got priapism. My cock will be hard for another hour."

"It won't matter."

I thought I could see my cum dripping out of her vagina, glowing
brilliantly white all over the floor. The sound of fabric being pulled
on. A bathrobe. Her shuffling footsteps and ultra black figure, blocking
the light of stars behind her, led to the door. She exited into a
hallway impossibly more dark than even her, her shuffling growing more
distant.

I realized how impossibly alone I was. A cold, dead weight on my chest
that was there to stay until she returned.

I looked up at the sky---ceiling, now, again. Andromeda was fading away,
no longer a vibrant purple hue. I was rapidly sobering up. It seems, by
some miraculous set of coincidences, that every drug I had taken would
end around the same time. I'd hazard a guess---t-minus one hour till
then.

"You there," I whispered.

*So now you talk to me*?

"I was hoping I wouldn't be able to hear you if I was high enough."

*Yeah. Needless to say---you shouldn't do that. And what if it worked*?
*Would you just stay so high you'd never be able to think again*?

I could practically hear Togami scoff at me---or what remains of Togami.

"You're not mad?" Vengeful spirits... ya know, they have insatiable
anger, right?

She didn't answer immediately. *I'll let you figure it out yourself.*

"Tell me, how are you, Togami?"

*I'd like to remind you I don't have a choice here... So I just watched
you fuck Aisley for an hour*. *Yeah, guess how that made me feel.*

"Unless your personality changed, probably pretty good." I smiled to
myself. \"You\'re even kinkier than me...\"

*Fuck off. My personality will change, that much is true about Blights.
I have three of them, and they\'re going to separate over time*.

"Who is Aisley?"

*Introduced to me by a friend a month back... Has family in high places.
I brought you here on her request for someone of Oblivion*, *although
she never told me the nature of it*. *She recently moved to United
Greece.*

"Nobody expected another Oblivion user---one that had lost their wits."

The door opened---I hadn't realized it closed---and the hallway light
blinded me before I heard the light switch click. Aisley entered first,
still shuffling, and sat down hard on the water bed, throwing the
blanket over my uncomfortable erection.

I didn't hear another person, nor could I see their outline like I could
Aisley's, but I knew there was something there. Standing in the doorway,
maybe. I lifted myself up on an elbow. "Call me Hiatus."

"Mamimi," came a soft, soothing voice. Youthful.

I tapped the lamp on the nightstand three times, dimming it to the
lowest setting. Aisley tapped it once more, turning it back off. It
wasn't on long enough for a single, fleeting glimpse.

"I'd prefer if you didn't see each other."

"You have no idea how this works, do you?"

"Huh?"

"It's easier to erase when you're recalling what you want gone.
Otherwise, it might not completely go away. It'll float around in your
subconscious, afflicting you like a blight."

She was certainly using Authenticity. She probably never flipped that
switch off, I hear really good persons can do that. But what was she
weighing now? I was only going to see the person.

*She wants to minimize what you know, I'd gander*.

"Seeing a person is step one to trusting them, so we can build rapport."
I turned the light back on. She reluctantly propped up her chin on her
hand like The Thinking Man and closed her maroon bathroom tighter around
her. I pulled the blanket up.

The kid---Mamimi---was an interesting mix of races. Naturally dark skin,
I'd say she was of a quarter African descent, maybe more. Asian
features, too, with the small face and breasts. "Can you... put on some
clothes."

"It's really a useless gesture at this point," I said. "And that doesn't
sound very comfortable right now, so no. But I will put on a bathrobe if
Aisley gets me one..."

Aisley stood with an air of grace, her posture perfect again, leaving.
Mamimi moved out of her way, into the room and slumped to the ground
with her back to the wall. She brought her legs up to her chest, then
held her face in her hands.

I waited till she was down the hall and hushed my voice. "Are you here
against your will? Nod, yes or no."

She shook her head, no.

"Do you want this? Oblivion."

She nodded in her hands. Yes. "I can't stand... *knowing.*"

Aisley returned, holding folded cloth. It was hot pink. She tossed it
underhand to me, then got back on the bed with herself in front of me
acting as a sort of screen.

I unfolded the robe---it wasn't even a bathrobe, just a normal robe.
"How old are you, Mamimi?" I asked.

"17 years old."

"Hello Kitty?" I said, holding it up.

I looked at Aisley. She half shrugged with one shoulder. "It's all I got
right now."

Now I'd truly look like a pervert, what with an unnaturally hard and
throbbing erection while wearing hot pink Hello Kitty. I put it on
anyway.

"Where are you from?" I asked.

She glanced at Aisley for a fraction of a second. "I'm from Arizona..."

Aisley looked back from over her shoulder. "I fail to see how this helps
you."

The thing was two sizes too small for me. Anyway, they couldn't be more
conspicuous.

*I kind of like you in that*...

Can Togami hear my thoughts, too?

*Yes*. *I can feel everything you do, too, although that's optional*.

Alright, what do you do? In this situation.

*Tell it to 'em straight*.

"If you two don't stop conspiring, I'm out. When people are asked
innocuous questions, they'll be more forthcoming with personal ones. Do
you expect her to be honest with me about the most traumatic experience
she's had when we've only met?"

A shared silence. Aisley coughed into the side of her fist, crossing her
arms while leaning back against my stomach. "You can tell him if you
want."

Mamimi looked up at me from the carpet. "I'm from... a different world.
Arizona, but not the one you know."

"She is *Zentral*."

What the fuck does that mean?

*Memory gap?*

Yeah. Another gap in my memory.

*Zentral - More formally called Entelechy. Zentral is a German word
translating to Crucial, named after the legendary German soldier Douglas
"Zentral" Fein*. *It is said people born of it can "create" anything.
They can even, reportedly, go to the mirror world---which is exactly
what Fein did.*

*I don't know if I need to say this but if she is Zentral she is also
the strongest person in the entire world,* *bar none. Proceed with
caution*.

"Why would you tell me that, even if it was true?" I asked.

"So you two can help each other. You just lost the ground for *your*
lightning. Now everything is a fire danger."

*There's sincerity---but if she just came up with that on the spot she's
damn smart and far more risk taking and calculating than her position
portrays*. *Whatever the case, I can't help but feel like we got set
up*.

Togami must've felt my confusion.

*I mean to say, Elliot, that she is entangling us in her mess---in an
inseparable way. You'll never be able to undo this chemical reaction, it
makes a new substance when combined.*

"You're dragging me into your mess. So? If I don't take you up on
it---you'll kill me? I'd like to see that."

She didn't bother to look back at me. "No, you Idiot. When you're on the
speedway, always drive slow."

*Beep-beep-beep*! *My knowing-too-much alarm is ringing*!

She knows that I'm an Idiot, and used that phrase, a saying when the
Savant is trying to assure the Idiot. Who the hell is she...

*She could be a Savant*. *It would explain a number of things. Her
confidence in dealing with a psycho of Oblivion.* *It might explain why
she is here---in Greece. Not enough data points yet.*

"What do you propose, Aisley?"

"Nuke her. Teach her from scratch. If you hate that, I'll take over from
there."

Nuke, she says. Like it's nothing. A total wipe of the brain---only
muscle memory remains. A few other things stay, things you learned from
when you were a child, we speculate. Language, intangible experiences
like seeing color. What I did to myself, at least once. Hopefully *only
ever* to myself.

"What's the pay?" I asked.

"You're gonna have to try harder than that. This is Hollow business now,
your pay is knowing you did well. You should be thanking me for offering
to take her back---which won\'t happen."

Even the correct amount of disdain in her voice. She's a Savant,
alright.

*It seems in a few words everything flipped on its head*.

I slowly close my eyes---and fade to black. \"Okay. But I\'m staying
here until my erection goes down.\"

Soft fingers wrapped around my penis. \"Who said you could leave before
then?\"



## Chapter 003
Five days later. Ostensibly a date, at a steak house just well above the
bar of what I was dressed for. Of course, I hadn't been told we were
going somewhere "fancy"---at least fancy by most peoples standards.

I looked around at the clientele. Suits, with many cocktail dresses or
equivalent. For example, my "date" was in a lavish, as lavish as it was
short, satin red dress. Almost exclusively couples, and not a native
Greek in sight.

The interior itself exemplifies what I call \"rich kid sterile.\" Looks
like a son of someone rich was showing off their degree in fine art,
that they understand "class," but instead it\'s all bark no bite.
There's not even a slim chance of infection. Chandeliers, trims of
scarlet, and only the finest import oak. Not a fucking chance you\'ll
take something away from being here---no bacteria to infect you.

Under the restaurant\'s table my date, Aisley, was rubbing her foot on
my crotch. She raised an eyebrow at me as we ate our salads. \"Wanna see
what I can do?\"

I still don\'t know how she did it with only a foot but my pants zipper
definitely came down. Further baffling, she got my erect penis out with
some fancy footwork. I guess that fancy footwork should be expected in
an establishment like this.

She was teasing the ever loving shit out of me. I rested my hands on the
oak countertop and took a deep breath. I wasn't feeling salad anymore.
Needed some meat already.

\"Tell me. How goes it,\" Aisley said, spearing several tomatoes on her
fork. She\'d already stolen every tomato off my salad already. This
restaurant was too high end for that kind of thing, I thought.

\"I\'ve done as well as I could,\" I replied.

Aisley nodded in understanding, taking her time to chew. There was
clearly no rush for her. \"You speak of Mamimi?\"

Clearly, I was. What else? I gave a sharp nod. \"She\'s been through the
wringer." The mental image of her biting down on a leather strap, tears
streaming down her face as I used my craft on her. "She didn\'t take
well to a nuke, so I\'m in process of a wipe.\"

\"Take well?\"

\"It can be painful when you go so far back. It\'s not a thing like they
make out on the news---if you\'re attached to your memories, they\'re
attached to you.\"

I would be lying if I said I wasn\'t feeling it. Aisley's footjob.
Somehow the way she was grinding up with her smooth bare sole in this
public, glorified steak house...

\"What is the difference, exactly?\"

\"You keep seven memories of \'who you are\' with a wipe, with links.
It\'s guaranteed to solve all forms of PTSD, as long as the memories are
clean of trauma. It\'s... a lot less jarring than a nuke. A lot less
painful."

\"While we\'re on the topic of dear Mamimi, is there anything else?\"

\"Her subconscious is proving highly difficult for me. Unnaturally so.
A-a-ah...\"

Aisley dug her heel into my balls.

She flashed a cold smile. \"You\'re starting to irritate me. What
matters more than that? Think.\"

*I don\'t know what\'s scarier, that she can smile while inflicting pain
or that she\'s playing catch-22 with your gonads*?

Catch-22 implies that I\'m fucked no matter what I say. Better to keep
silent.

A few minutes passed, after which Aisley finished her tomatoes with
salad and set down her fork, pushing the plate away. She dabbed her
mouth with a cloth napkin. \"Here\'s a hint. Headway on your
relationship?\"

\"That\'s the answer.\"

Her heel dug into the head this time. It felt surprisingly good, and my
penis throbbed wildly against the bottom of her foot in response.

\"Someone\'s excited. By the way, we aren\'t leaving until," she made a
fist that mocked an explosion. *"Splooosh*.\"

That---somehow only made me more aroused. More throbbing. Aisley giggled
at that, partly covering her mouth.

*She\'s a demon*... Togami remarked.

I recalled Mamimi---Reisa, now---insisting to sleep next to me even
after I had erased those memories. It was the first thing she had
requested be gone, but her subconscious, her muscle memory, told her to
sleep next to someone. *She could not...* not sleep with someone. She
still has nightmares. Every night. This is generally a bad sign when
you're being wiped.

\"She\'s confused,\" I said, keeping to myself that that was also a bad
sign. \"It\'s gonna be a long road ahead. We finish the process
tomorrow. \'Fourth pass,\' it\'s called. It's suppose to be best to ease
the subconscious. It was never made for someone... like her, though.\" I
scratched the back of my head.

Another dig, softer this time, about where the shaft meets the head. I
involuntarily grunted.

\"Don\'t go soft on me,\" Aisley warned.

I laughed. \"Don\'t let me go soft, is what I should be saying.\"

Dig in, harder, slower, and slightly lower than before. She let off
completely and a moment later the waiter came with our plates, two prime
ribs. While the waiter was there, I tried my hardest to stay hard. No
sooner than he turned around and Aisley was back at it.

\"Good,\" she said. \"You\'d have really been in for it if you hadn\'t
done so well just now.\" It was all said in a matter-of-fact tone. She
cut her into her steak with elegance reserved for royalty. It was
something about the motions---so fluid. Refined. \"See this steak?
That\'d be you, instead.\"

\"Spooky.\" I waited for her next heeling to pass before cutting into my
own steak. Damn. \"You weren\'t kidding... this place is really good.\"
There was something even better about being played with while eating a
thick, juicy prime rib.

\"Tell me again, since I don\'t exactly remember your soliloquy from the
last time we saw each other.\"

\"I was performing in a play?" Her increments down had hit some sort of
sweet spot. "Um. Keep doing that.\"

\"What I mean is, tell me about being of Oblivion. What did I sign
Mamimi up for?\"

\"You signed her up for a sort of social contract, a lot like the Ents
have. We\'re a two man cell, now. For better or worse.\"

\"In sickness or in health?\" Aisley smiled at me from across our small
table. It was warm, a genuine article. \"What about you, Elliot?\"

\"What about me?\"

She finished her bite. \"Tell me about yourself.\"

\"That wasn\'t a very intuitive train of thought,\" is what I wanted to
say. But I didn\'t want to see what the step up of a heel was. Instead,
I drifted back. I sliced another bite. \"She\'ll never remember her
parents. Her soul mate. She\'ll be lucky if she can tell she\'s not from
here, or her hometown's name. When you kill the past like that---\"

\"Hold your voice.\"

I gritted my teeth but an odd sound came out anyway. \"That... was just
a kick.\"

\"Don\'t think like that. You\'re not just helping Mamimi, you\'re
helping all Hollowist by helping her.\"

So it is that kind of thing. She is serious about Reisa being Zentral,
then.

*I have the feeling she is serious about it*, Togami chimed.

\"Her name is Reisa now, by the way. It's Japanese for 'the sound of
tinkling,' and 'bloom.' She wanted something that could pass a Western
name. Using her old name brings up anxiety, and that's common. Your
subconscious is a complex thing, it'll respond to your name even if you
don't consciously remember it."

"Reisa. I like it."

"Ever read James Joyce? Molly Bloom---Reisa asked for a word or name
that described her, and there's some parallels between the two."

"I'm Irish, it\'d be practically sacrilegious for me not to read him.
Maybe that's why it sounds familiar?" Aisley looked wistful, then shook
her head. "Now, tell me about yourself."

"I performed a nuke on myself. Do you know anything about that?"

"Bad news, I've heard."

I inclined my head slightly. "There are a few career types for persons
of Oblivion. Open a trauma clinic, where you help people with PTSD or
otherwise haunting memories. Or become some sort of kingpin god-emperor
of crime. That's what you usually find."

"So, you were the latter?"

"That's what is most likely. I woke up in United Greece with a tattoo on
my forearm," I raised my arm up, showing her. "It lists my medical
information like blood type, the name 'Elliot,' and also led me to
Togami, whom I didn't remember. I hadn't seen her in two years, but we'd
been friends since childhood. She stabilized me."

"How do you do that?"

"We call them Orators. Being of Oblivion means you get 'memory lash,'
only countered by human connection and mnemonics. It's not certain how
it works, it's something like dementia, but the side effects aren't just
memory problems---"

"What happened the other night. Psycho's."

People on a spree of psychopathic murder after they lost their minds
from their own Oblivion. Lost their identities and no longer relate to
humans.

I suppressed a shiver.

"Yes... I was dangerously close to that. Togami became my Orator,
nursing me back to health. The reality is, I was probably a very bad
man. As bad as it gets. Togami, though, knew everything about me. Reisa
will learn from me what I've learned from Togami, and how to keep me
sane. She'll be like a best friend who's also a therapist... and of
course, that works both ways,"

"That's why they call them Orators. Neat."

"Actually, I think it's just because they talk *a lot*."

We shared a small laugh. A few minutes passed of us eating and beneath
table rubbing. Aisley finger ran circles around the edge of her martini.
"If I understand correctly, you have a two year gap in your memory. What
do you think happened?"

"Those two years... anything could have happened. The only evidence was
a pile of gold that was in the hotel room---virtually untraceable. And,
in a way, I don't want to know. It could be a sleeping dog, better to
let it lie.\"

\"Oh really, no interest?\" Aisley\'s glossy lips turned up slightly.
\"So gold ingots?\"

Authenticity, right---

*She knows you\'re lying through your teeth about not being interested*.
*I\'d say she\'s on the higher end of Savant---like I was*.

\"Yes, ingots. Every one of their identifiers filed down...\" No trust
between us if she\'s using it even now. But no Savant is normal. No
Idiot is either, for that matter. \"How\'d you get into golfing?\" I
asked. I wanted a change of topics.

\"Family,\" Aisley replied. \"Only my sister knows I\'m here. Call it
working under a pseudonym.\"

\"Is your sister Tiger Woods?\"

\"Even better than he was. I find that conversation boring, however.\"

To summarize: her family got her into the Hollowist movement and are
important, but she won't talk about it. She\'s also in United Greece
undercover.

*Look at you use your brain*.

\"What about you?\" Aisley asked.

\"Togami got me into it. People tell me I\'m talented. I even made some
aesthetic contributions.\"

\"Like what?\"

\"Design, like elixir." Elixir was the drug I brought over to her house.
"Some of the fashion. Odd and ends.\"

\"That\'s not graphic design.\"

I was surprised she wasn't surprised. Interesting. \"No. It\'s more like
Togami had... said...\" My body got tense, my mind blanking. I was about
to cum.

Aisley heeled me in the sweet spot. \"Hold your voice...\" She propped
her head up on her hand, smiling like Mona Lisa. An indeterminate amount
of time passed, trying to keep composure. Aisley waved down a waiter and
I heard footsteps approach. \"Two boxes and our check, please.\"

\"Right away,\" said a man with a Greek accent, promptly leaving. I was
blushing so hard that I thought it a good idea to stare at the table. I
cleared my throat. A*hem*. \"We\'re leaving already?\"

\"I\'m tight on time tonight,\" Aisley said. \"Just wanted to check on
you, really.\"

*More like assert dominance*...

You jest, Togami, but you might be more right than you think. The
question now is, what is the endgame.


## Chapter 004
I strutted up the two steps of my porch, grabbed my wooden pipe off the
old outdoor couch, and sat down with a grunt. Lifted the cushion next to
me up and fished out a jar of herbs. After the Dispossession, a lot of
new stuff crossed over along with new races. Including this miraculous
shit.

Inhaling deeply, I blew into the tip of the pipe, ash exploding out of
the bowl, and thumbed in the cured, white cleanser flower. It removes
toxicity from your system and makes you generally feel better. I
desperately needed it after that bender with Aisley the other day---even
cleanser can only do so much, and I still felt a strain on my body.
That's why I was smoking it. Usually, you make tea out of cleanser, but
smoking hits hard and fast.

*Click, click,* of my silver zippo.

I looked to my left. A barn red door means "welcome." It's an American
tradition, if you have a red door it means you help passing travelers
and strangers. It was Togami's idea. She painted it herself. Sure,
neighbors and friends come over---but no stranger has taken the offer of
the red door.

This might have to do with location. I live in the hills, down two miles
of dirt road. If it weren't for solar panels, I'd be using candles at
night. That was my idea---to live a good 30 miles away from the nearest
grocery store. We wanted a small house, too. Yes, Togami and I could
have bought a mansion outright, but fuck that.

There's something comfortable about living humbly. About getting the
most out of everything. It's what being a Hollowist is based on.
Unplugging. Reducing excess. Every single thing you consume has an
impact on the planet, so buy things that last and be responsible about
waste.

Hollowist simply takes this to the next level---maybe even its logical
conclusion. Corporate warfare. *Do it, or burn*. Well, a lot of places
have burned by this point. No substansive change, even with the world
dying around us... and it\'s been 29 years now since the world saw the
veil come off democracy and we all met our new form of monarchy. When
the richest people across the globe collaborated to fund genetic
engineering into reality.

The resulting batch of babies are our new Lords and Ladies. Then the
technology used was locked away, only to be used for transhumanist life
extensions. Getting that procedure on your unborn child, however, is so
expensive that only 30% of the population of humans has it in 2073.

When that batch of one thousand genetically modified perfects started
having their own babies, there was a split between them---since their
perfect, there\'s no chance of incest causing birth defects. Its
basically a worldwide fight over \"keeping it in the family.\" A more
apt name than corporate wars would be incestuous wars, but they own the
media so that\'s a fat chance.

That was about 7 years past, and we've been in corporate war ever since.
All the world\'s richest trying to take a figurative throne.

Greece---now "United Greece" (ironic) after the old regime sold it to
America---is at the forefront of all of this. Well, the Mediterranean
is. When America came into the equation, it really kicked off.

My front door creaked open---I could never get rid of that creak. I
blinked, coming out of zoning out. Butterfly-like wings unfolding
revealing small breasts. Her androgynous face, filled with a deep frown
of disgust, let out a long hiss. "Togami," the good doctor whispered.

That dark metallic ball her hand was on, hanging from the cloth belt
holding up her skirt, looked like an intricate antique but it released
enough raw energy to leave a yard wide crater in the ground---bigger if
she so willed it.

"Marison. Thank you for coming over at such an odd hour..."

"Togami became a Blight." Her voice was low. It wasn't a question.

Marison is our family doctor, and also a fairy, so she could see Togami
in me thanks to a second pupil and iris lining the first, which are all
different colors. Hers were all shades of green, like emeralds from
different parts of the world. Fairys are thought to have separated from
our planet at some point in the distant past, and where we stopped
evolving they didn't. They live in harmony with nature, in symbiosis.

I put my hands up---\"don't shoot!\" Morison reluctantly coiled her
silky light blue wings back around her chest, but she couldn't hide her
disgust. Wings like silk, yes, but with the atomic structure of
diamonds.

"What the fuck happened," Morison said.

"I don't want to talk about it," I said, putting my pipe down while
exhaling a cloud. "I would like to hear about Reisa, however."

"I'm not sure who to be more worried about, you or her."

"Worry about Reisa, if anyone. How is she?"

"Physically healthy. Mentally struggling. You're having a wipe performed
on her..."

An invitation for me to speak. Morison doesn't know I'm of Oblivion, few
people do, none of them civilians. "Yes," I said. "She has severe PTSD."
She narrowed her eyes, at that. "It's what Togami wanted for her. Think
of it as her dying request."

Morison crossed her arms. If she were even a nudge more skeptical,
she\'d be openly hostile. \"Let me inspect you.\"

\"No," I said. "Togami isn\'t hurting me yet.\"

\"This is gonna end very badly, you know that right?\"

\"Sure. I\'ll take care of it then. For now, tell me what I can do for
Reisa.\" Just because I\'ve wiped people before doesn\'t mean I know how
to take care of them. Besides, Fairys like Morison are much more in tune
with this side of medicine. \"I called you for a second opinion.\"

\"What\'s your plan for her?\"

\"That\'s why I called you... no plan yet.\"

There was a lull in the conversation. Morison opened her mouth. Closed
it. I started to get a bad feeling. \"I\'ve---I\'ve never seen anyone
like her. Not even in my schooling. There\'s not two of her---one
physical and one soul.\" She raised her fist in front of her, extending
fingers... \"*There\'s three*.\"

I did my best act of surprise with a mix of confusion. I imagine my head
was tilted with my mouth open. If Reisa could create matter, if she was
Zentral, she was godly. That was just a matter of course.

"I don't suppose you're religious, Elliot?"

"Agnostic."

Morison nodded to herself, seemingly. Looking at the deck now. "That's
probably the best case scenario here..." She whispered, looking back
into my eyes with new intensity. "I don't have an answer right now. I'd
have to have her come in and run some tests. She doesn't have a
diagnostic?"

Diagnostics are small electronics put in your arm when your child that
monitors vitals and a few other things---a tool used to make diagnoses
easier and more accurate for doctors. They're basically a databank on
your personal health. I didn't even think that Reisa wouldn't have one.

*Even the poorest of people have one nowadays*, Togami said. *It's
highly suspect that someone her age wouldn't*.

"She hasn't had a good, normal life," I said.





