---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/writing/drafts/elliot-oblivion-drafts/","tags":["Writing/Drafts"]}
---


```table-of-contents
```

## Chapter 1.1 
\"Day\" only starts when the sun has turned its torturous attention
sufficiently enough to different continents.

I had moved to Anchorage to escape the 200 degree day heat of
California, but in 2073 all of North America worships the two moons, new
and old, rock and artificial.

\"Night\" starts the day for every-man. We crawl out of our borrows sank
in microscopic dirt one step away from sand and get to the
work---perhaps that's the wrong word. Perpetual hustle. "Work" implies a
certain amount of respect.

Respect had died a long time ago. If it ever existed. In its place was
something angsty solipsism, a zeitgeist on individual success with no
cost too high---nothing is taboo. There's no such thing as friends.

There's no respect, but there is fear. It seems like life has become a
living catch-22 where you're only options are bad and worse, where you
can only pick the lesser evil.

Right now fear was knocking at my door, turning the knob, and
approaching with the distinct clack of stilettos.

She threw a vanilla envelope onto my desk, knocking aside several empty
cans.

"You've got a case."

I consider myself lucky.



## Chapter 1.3
The artificial moon hung over Anchorage like a reassuring guardian for a
new, nocturnal humanity. The old moon hanging over that, cradling the
waxing new in its arms. It was independence day, July 4th.

The Idiot/Savants are always busy this day, as a matter of course.

It was minutes before midnight. The temperature had settled at 88
Fahrenheit, where it would stay until it warmed back up to a toasty 200
midday come twelve hours. We were already on site, there wasn't another
minute to waste.

I stood and contemplated the truck. It was loaded with magnesium alloys
and various other combustibles for a real firework freak show. I went
down a mental checklist when someone came up in my peripheral.

"Hiatus," said a reedy, feminine voice.

It was Togami. Nobody else would talk to me yet. She'd gotten me into
this Idiot/Savant mess on a purely working relationship. Childhood
friend, occasional lover, and likeminded individual.

I glanced at her. It was amazing how much could change in two years, if
only in appearance. A tattoo of a sparrow on her neck, a sleeve of a
yellow snake in autumn leaves, and several dermals on her face.

She took a puff of something like a cigarette that glowed blue light at
its tip, exhaling crisp vapor into my face. "Are you about ready?" She
offered the device to me.

I took a puff and felt a rush of some unknown stimulant. "A pyromaniac
is always ready for arson. Let's get this over with..."

I broke off because it was hitting me. Slightly psychedelic effects,
like I was seeing a rainbow form in the fireworks display.

Not that I'd ever seen a real rainbow before.

Togami slapped my back. "That'll keep you on your toes."

"More like paranoid..." I whispered under my breath. But the effects
went away as soon as they had come.

She shrugged, her shadow making a cascade. "Same difference, for our
stakes. Follow me."

So I did, not before taking another huff of her narcotics. We walked
around the glass building that made one think of what would happen if
you threw a rock inside of it.

Scattering the ground were bodies, some bound in rope and but most
strewn on the ground like rag dolls, dark crimson puddles pooling
beneath. I peeked behind my shoulder at the fireworks display, one more
time---one could never be certain if they were hearing roman candles or
gunshots on this day.

Togami turned around and walked backward, ahead of me. "Are you even
armed, Hiatus?" She brandished her hand in a fist, which I knew was a
battle gauntlet---a cybernetic glove going to the forearm that enhances
innate strength.

In reply, I flipped open my flight jacket, showing two tomahawks on
either side of my shoulders.

"I'm kinda hoping we run into trouble just so I can see you in battle,"
Togami grinned.

"It's nothing you want to see, trust me. Ax-murder is just
traumatizing."

"Ah-ha! But you can fix that, no?" Togami said.

It was the truth, but... "I plead the fifth."

Togami turned back around as we skirted the outside of this all-glass
skyscraper. It was on the other side that we found our destination, an
innocuous enough circular platform of metal. We stood on one side as the
truck from before rolled up to a stop next to us, also on the platform.

Togami grabbed a device---not unlike a phone---from her pocket, pressed
a few buttons, then the platform started descending moments later.

I looked into her blue eyes, not unlike my own, and she raised an
eyebrow.

"Tell me, Togami, what's your philosophy?"

"You ask my philosophy, but you really mean I/S's?"

I nodded. Either one would do.

"Having second thoughts?"

I shrugged. "Not really. I am being paid for this."

"I/S is a movement without a goal or set of beliefs, but united on the
principle that *change must come* and that we'll be the ones to force
it---if that's what it comes to."

"Has diplomacy ever worked?" I asked.

"Not as far as I know. Then again, I doubt we've ever tried."

Most terrorist organizations freely admit exactly that---their
terrorists. I/S is a bit different, I'll admit. Race, gender, ethnicity,
background. None of it matters, not so long as they march toward an
unclear goal by way of ultraviolence.

"I like to think that these attacks---that they set back 'the man,' and
if that's all we can do then so be it."

"You're causing a not small amount of damage to these corporations," I
said. "The exact impact of it is something you'll likely never truly
know."

Something shifted in my brain as the elevator came to the bottom, subtle
yet distinct. I grabbed my forehead and rummaged through the previous
moment.

"Hiatus, this isn't right..."

"I know, be quiet."

There was only one logical answer as I looked up at a black asphalt wall
where the entrance should be.

"Togami, someone shifted us into interstice."

She gasped.

It was a good reason to gasp.

We weren't expecting one of those types. Which meant a few things,
namely that *this operation was expected*.

Bad news, all around.

"Can't you get past it?" Togami whispered.

"Easily," I replied. "Just raise the platform and lower it again. But
that means anyone stuck in interstice will *stay* stuck."

"Hmm---what's the other option?"

"That's asphalt, right?" I pointed to the wall. "Depending on how thick
it is, it's gonna be incredibly difficult to destroy. If we use
explosives, the platform will also break. We're screwed."

"We've been had, huh? Well, Boss would say you need to break a few eggs
to make an omelet. Let's just get past it."

Togami pressed a combination of buttons, the platform raising in
response. I felt the shift go back to normal and signaled to go back
down as I avoided the trap this time. When we reached the bottom the
wall was gone.

Togami walked in first, and I was close behind.

Adorned on the ceiling in steady increments were what looked like
golden, see through chandeliers of various wires. Known better as
quantum computers, a whole server of them. While the incredibly wealthy
may be able to afford one, mega-corporations like Shire Electric could
afford to have an entire bunker of them.

"God knows what you could do with this much computer power... you could
probably even predict the future," Togami said.

"Anyone tapped into these would be just as omnipresent," I said. "You
said you weren't sure what was down here, right?"

"Yeah," Togami said. "Only the Boss knows, supposedly."

*Where the hell is he, then*... I thought but kept to myself. Instead, I
scanned the area, thankfully nothing was blocking my view.

"Something is wrong, that's what you're thinking, right?"

I nodded and grabbed a tomahawk from under my jacket, taking aim at one
of the chandeliers---computers, I mean.

The tomahawk bounced right off as if the ax were made of rubber,
soundlessly falling to the ground. I went and retrieved it, strapping it
back over my shoulder, then turned to Togami.

"What the hell is that about?" she asked.

"It just means there's more than one layer. Being so close to so many
quantum computers---there could be many, many layers, indeed..." I
turned next to the truck. It was set to follow me automatically, and so
it had. I rounded over to the driver\'s side door and climbed in,
rolling down the window.

"You get shotgun, Togami. No need to hesitate, I've got a plan. It's
perfectly safe... for us, at least."

I thought I heard her mutter under her breath, but she did as I said and
climbed into the passenger seat of the truck. I flipped a switch on the
dash, allowing me to control the truck again, and started driving slowly
in a circle around the underground.

"Care to explain what you\'re doing?"

"I need silence, so no."

What I was doing was in fact looking for a weak spot in interstice,
perhaps somewhere I can cut through into the heart of the problem.
Sometimes prominent landmarks will be intense enough to grab onto, but
since there was virtually nothing inside this bunker there was no chance
of that.

The only chance I had was to run into---and I mean this
literally---another person adjacent to us in between spaces *while*
trying to cross over. Humans can be conduits in interstice, too.

We drove up and down the aisles, not going any faster than 10 MPH when I
*did* run into something.

A human I'd seen before. Part of the crew, now glued to the grill of the
truck.

"Fuck! Ah-h-h!" The man yelled.

I stepped on the brakes.

"Oh my god! Tyrus!" Togami screeched.

She jumped out of the car before I could say 'stop'...

I looked ahead. Maybe 20 yards away was a fairy sitting on top of
someone\'s chest, with a hand behind her back---doubtlessly holding a
knife to their throat. This was probably the person controlling
interstice right now, as well.

Fairys are synthetic humanoids, and not their proper name, but called so
because of their light wings that make use of interstice and allow them
to make crazy jumps. They all stand around five feet tall, and generally
work for their creators---that's to say Shire Electric.

I opened the door of the car and looked to the left. Curly blonde hair
with reddish bread. "Hi, Valentino," I said. "Did I keep you waiting?"

"Any longer and we'd have lost Gibson," Valentino replied curtly. "Can
you take care of that fairy bitch?"

"I don't see why not." I shrugged as if it were nothing, but there's
always something deeply unsettling about astral duels. "You remember
what to do, right?"

"Yeah, I remember. Now go save Gibson."

I took off my shades and put them in my shirt pocket, closing the door
to the truck. I walked around to the hood and hopped on, sitting
crisscross.

I took a few deep breaths and put out my arms in front of me, palms out
and fingers spread. I closed my eyes.

As I lowered my arms I imagined another sort of replicant self staying,
and separating from me, where my arms had been.

*Hello, Elliot*.

I whispered below my breath, "Hi again, Izzy."

The second pair of hands fell forward and my vision returned to a new
pair of eyes not my own---they were my astral selves, a doppelganger
made out of interstice.

My astral body stood. To anyone else, the area surrounding the body
would look like a glimmer, or maybe a mirage. To me, looking through the
astral body\'s eyes, I was in a normal body of a woman.

I approached the fairy sitting on top of Gibson---I'd have run but
complex actions like that are difficult in your astral body. You'd be
more likely to trip. She had plenty of time to ready herself, which she
promptly did, closing her own eyes.

Moments later, an androgynous body rose from the fairy, this one only
slightly taller than the fairy herself. It was in a yellow dress with a
black vinyl hat, otherwise barefoot.

*Elliot, she must be new to this*, Izzy commentated to me.

"Looks can be deceiving," I whispered. "Be careful, nonetheless."

Izzy loves nothing more than going all-out. I could practically hear her
whine. But there was another reason to err on the side of careful...
astral duels hurt.

Besides, any minute now they'll have a clear shot of that fairy bitch's
head, and this will all be another page in history.

I walked over to the androgynous projection and balled my hand into a
fist, winding my arm back, twisting the torso, then the follow through
and *connecting*.

The vinyl hat went flying across the room, and I brought my hands back
into a defensive position---but too late.

Her foot had already connected with my hip, sending me off balance.

Getting hit in your astral body isn't like getting hit physically. After
one connection, certain properties start to affect you depending on a
variety of factors. Simply put, shit starts to get *weird*.

In this instance, it seems like a web has been thrown over me, weighing
me down in waves, or maybe seconds is more accurate. I can tell there's
a timer attached to whatever her power is. My vision gets blurry, but
not as blurry as her's surely is from my punch. Then it gets sharper.

It's hard to move, hard to move in a kinetic sense. So I make
incremental steps back, which is easy enough.

On a cycle, my vision blurs again briefly, threatening to go black,
before I break out of the web again and it sharpens in that cycle.

This is basic. That fairy really must be new to this.

A gunshot reverberates through the empty quantum computer room and the
opponent\'s astral self sparkles, before breaking apart into hundreds of
infinitely small pieces on the floor.

I close my astral self\'s eyes, returning to my own body.

I let out a sigh...

"Ah!" I scream, seeing who's looking at me so intensely, so closely.
"Can I help you, Togami?"

"You said Izzy? Who's she?" Togami tilted her head at me.

"Someone from a long time ago. I might tell you more if you lay the fuck
off."

Togami put up her hands and walked away. I jumped off the hood of the
car and stretched.

That wasn't exactly enjoyable, nor was it very smooth since I did get
hit.

Valentino walked by me, a large magnum in hand. So he was the one who
fired. Makes sense, being captain of this unit and all.

Gibson pushed off the dead fairy and sat up looking like he was going to
hurl. Can't say having brain matter that close to you is very
comforting, anyway. He rolled away from the stiff and pushed himself off
the ground, breathing heavily. You had to wonder why you'd even bring
someone like him.

Valentino clasped him on the back as he caught his breath. "Are you
ready?"

"Y-yeah," Gibson stifled out. "I was looking, and this one should be
perfect." He pointed directly above him.

"Hey, Togami," I said. "What the hell are they talking about?"

"We're stealing a quantum computer, or whatever." She shrugged.

Those fucking idiots. That was never mentioned to me.

"Hey, morons!" I yelled across the court. "Even if you steal one of
those, you'll never have enough power to run one for more than a
microsecond. Let's just destroy 'em all like you planned, okay?"

"We might be morons, but we're also prodigies," Valentino smiled back at
me.

So if they aren't idiot/savants they\'re moron/prodigies. Makes sense.
"How the hell are you even gonna get it out of here?" I asked.

"In the flat of your truck. Start unloading the explosives."

"I made the explosives so they wouldn't have to be moved from the truck.
So that if anyone asked questions, there was no truck left to even
investigate. Think again, how are you transporting an entire quantum
computer?"

Valentino clicked his tongue. "Fine."

"Everyone, get to the elevator!" I yelled. "You don't want to be on the
same level when this shit goes off."





## Chapter 2

## Chapter 3

The girl did speak Latin, amongst other languages, including French and
Japanese. For some reason, nobody had taught her English.

She didn't know anything besides.

When we told her her name was Bloom, she seemed surprised at that.

It could be an effect of the mind loop put on her, but my gut told me
that it was more than that. Something more sinister. Even for Shire,
experimenting on children is cartoonish villainy. And to put a mind loop
on a child?

Shit doesn't add up. And when shit doesn't add up, it means your missing
something.

For now, it was the next night that starts society\'s day. Only once the
sun\'s death rays are sufficiently enough away on another continent does
that part of the world start to stir.

July 5th. As a matter of celebrating America, and as a matter of course,
I had stayed up nearly all night with the crew drinking Elixier in the
basement, playing poker and pool.

I was making a late entrance into the kitchen for some grub when I ran
into Togami and Bloom. She was still wearing my gray shirt, many times
oversized on her. The girl ran over and hugged my waist at the sight of
me.

"Hiatus," Togami said. "Will you watch her while I get her some
clothes?"

I patted Bloom\'s head. "Yeah, definitely. Has she eaten yet?"

"No. Just make her something like eggs and toast, ya know, something
easy. God knows how long it's been since she's had real food."

"Is that an assumption?" I asked.

"Basically, yeah. If you run into group red, please probe them for any
additional information, anything at all."

"I was already planning on it."

Togami turned on her heels and left at that. I looked down at Bloom, who
was still attached to my waist. I took a knee and looked her in the
eyes, she had some interesting eyes now that I look at them...

Green like an emerald on her left and golden amber on her right. I
remember hearing an old prophecy about amber heterochromia
eyes---something about them being supernatural.

I tilted my head at her. Did her hair grow overnight? It's---curlier
than before... if I recall correctly. The girl tilted her head back with
a faint smile. It reminded me of the smile of the Mona Lisa---somehow it
knew what I was thinking.

I picked her up and put her down in a chair at the diner table,
suppressing the odd feeling of deja vu. I returned to the kitchen and
grabbed some eggs and bacon from the fridge. When I turned around she
was standing there, fidgetting with her hands.

*No matter*, I thought. She can follow me around all she wants. It's not
like I can communicate with her otherwise. I turned on the oven, grabbed
a tray, and laid out the bacon when I heard a soft spoken voice behind
me.

"*El-li-ot*."

I turned at the sound to Bloom. She was smiling still. I remembered I
had never told her my name, but that doesn't mean Togami didn't tell
her... Yet I somehow doubted Togami would tell her my name, and if she
did she would say it was Hiatus.

I pointed to myself. "Hi-at-us. Hiatus."

She pointed rather dramatically at me and said: "*Hi-at-us*. *Hiatus*!"
She giggled.

"Actually, you must know what that word actually means. It's of Latin
origin."

She tilted her head and I got back to cooking.

If there's one thing you can count on when it comes to Togami, it's
speed and punctuation. Especially when a car is involved in any way. So
no sooner had breakfast concluded and I was washing our dishes had she
returned with bags of clothing for Lil' Bloom in either hand.

"Did you miss me?" Togami asked upon barraging into the kitchen.

"Nice one liner, but you were gone maybe thirty minutes."

"And you didn't answer my question." She put the bags down on the table
and came up behind me, giving me a peck on the cheek. "Did anything
happen?"

"Oh, you must've told her my name, right? She said my name."

"Um---I don't remember ever telling her. Or her asking, for that
matter."

"She said my birth name, though..."

"*El-li-ot*."

We both craned our necks to the diner table, the source of the noise.

"I really never told her though..." Togami whispered. "You're pulling my
chain right now, huh? Haha!"

"No, really, Togami. I didn't tell her either. And... didn't she say
that at a too perfect time?" I looked Togami in the eyes.

We both looked at Bloom.

"Bloom, if you can understand me raise your hand."

She raised her hand as high as it could go.

"But... she didn't understand English yesterday," Togami said. "We tried
to see if she did, and she didn't."

"The mysteries keep piling up. For now, let's get her dressed and all
that. We have all the time in the world to investigate later."

"You're taking this with a whole lot of nonchalance... alright, fair
enough. Come here, Bloom," Togami said, reaching out her hand.

Lil' Bloom jumped from her chair and ran to Togami's hand, the both of
them leaving with the bags they came with.

It was me, driving the car currently, Valentino sitting shotgun, and
Bloom in the back, making our way to Northern Anchorage.

This would be my second case, last night's being my first with the
Idiot/Savants. It appeared everyone was busy, and Bloom couldn't be home
alone---if only because the mansion wasn't our home to begin with.

"Valentino, what's this case exactly?" I asked.

Valentino, in response, reached between his legs and opened an ice
chest. I glanced down long enough to see it was filled exclusively with
ice and beer.

"Something having to do with a murder."

"*Mur-der*," Bloom repeated.

"What the fuck is the deal with the brat?" Valentino asked, glancing in
the back.

"Don't like kids, huh?" I laughed.

"Don't give me shit, who does?"

"Group red found her, now I'm stuck with her. It's a long story."

"If red found her she's bad-fucking-news, brother. I'd ditch that shit
so fast your head would spin."

"Well, I've got a sort of good feeling about her. Just think of her as a
good luck charm, alright?"

A silence filled the car, only broken by the low music and Valentino
cracking open his beer with a lighter.

"You said... something like a murder?" I asked.

"It's apparently quite complicated, but if I'm to understand correctly
it has to do with proving someone\'s innocence."

"In relation to murder? Sounds... interesting, to say the least. How do
you even get cases? Like, do people know about us and ask for us
specifically?"

"Basically. You're new, but don't expect a lot of cases like
this---usually, we go around and put power back in its place. Like last
night."

"So how'd this come to us in the first place?" I asked.

"It's a request from an old partner of mine. I owe him many times over,
so it's completely off the books."

"And that's why you chose me?"

Valentino chugged the rest of his beer and threw the empty out the
window.

"Just my intuition that you'll be most helpful. You've got some
sleuthing skills, I read somewhere."

"I've got skills in a bit of everything. Mostly I just make drugs, now."

"This is the house, on the right. Pull up to the curb."

I slowed down to a crawl and pulled over, hopping out of the car and
letting Bloom out of the back. Valentino stepped out and cracked open
another beer, heading straight for the yard.

I looked at Bloom in her new clothes, a bright yellow dress and
converse. Pretty dang cute. I gestured to come with, having already
given her detailed instructions beforehand.

There was a man and a woman in the front yard sitting on chairs around a
small firepit sans fire. When Valentino approached, the man stood and
they clasped each other on the back.

"Good to see you, Rich," Valentino said. "How are you holding up
nowadays, now that you tied the knot?"

"It's a lot more mellow than when I ran with you. Kids will do that, ya
know? But, I didn't call you to reminisce."

"Right to business?" Valentino asked.

"Unfortunately. But, this here is my wife and mother to my children,
Shela."

The woman waved from her chair with the faintest of smiles, almost sad
looking.

"This here is my partner for the case," Valentino pointed back at me.
"Hiatus."

I could feel Bloom hide behind me as I raised a hand in greeting.

"Let's get to business then," Valentino said.

Rich sat down in his chair and let out a sigh. "We woke up this morning
and there was a body in the backyard---a stiff. We called the police,
but they seem to think *it was us*! I just don't know what to
do---looking back now there is a lot more evidence in favor of me being
the culprit."

I lifted my wrist and opened my Hologrip, a 3D holographic display that
projects from a wristband.

"Rich---can I call you Rich?" I asked.

"Aye, that's what everyone calls me."

"Why would they have reason to believe it was you?"

"Well, at first I thought the body was just some drunk from The Fourth
of July, so I walked up to it and beat the shit out of it! My footprints
are all over the place, my fingerprints on the stiff too. Took a while
for me to realize it was already dead."

I nodded, writing down what I'd heard.

"That and... it is my backyard. Seems rather strange that a dead body is
found in a residential backyard, and to make matters worse the backyard
is locked, and all the locks are completely untampered with."

"Could you show us where you found the body?" Valentino asked.

Rich stood up and went through the front gate, and we followed as he
went around the side of the house and opened a gate... the gate went all
the way up to the roof, which you could climb over if you wanted to.

We stepped into the side yard, past an old clunker car, and at the end
was a shed with a lock on that, too. The shed was tall enough that
climbing might not be possible. Rich unlocked this too and we stepped
through the shed and into a small, fenced backyard.

Rich pointed to the entrance of the shed we just stepped through. "He
was right there when I found him this morning."

I brought up my wrist and took a picture. I looked to Valentino, who was
already looking at me. "I need you to get lost real quick," he said.

I shrugged and turned around the way I came---back through the shed. I
found Bloom standing, staring off into space in the side yard. My eyes
followed her eyes...

And I caught a glimpse of someone in the window in the house next door.

Had they been staring at each other? I grabbed Bloom's hand.

And I saw what she had just seen.

A young boy in the window, like a mirror to herself.

"Bloom, can you use interstice?" I asked, getting to a knee in front of
her.

She nodded, then. "*In-ter-sti-ce*."

"Yo, rookie. You can come back."

Bloom and I walked hand in hand back through the shed.

Valentino was waiting for me. "Do you have any questions before we go?"

"We're done already?" I asked.

He shrugged. There was something there.

I turned to Rich. "Who lives next door?"

"Nobody lives next door..." Rich looked confused. "The house has been
empty for a long while, probably over 10 years now."

"And this is the only way into the backyard... minus someone hopping the
neighboring fences, right?"

"That's correct," Rich said.

"Seems unlikely that they got through this way, that's for certain," I
said. "Thank you, that's all I've got for questions."

"I'll keep in touch," Valentino said, turning around and heading back
out to the car.

Bloom and I followed him out to the car, where he took out a black
vaporizer box and started puffing, leaning against the car door and
running a hand through his goatee.

"I'm gonna check on that neighbor," I said.

"The one that doesn't exist?" Valentino said.

"It's just a hunch. Will you watch Bloom?"

"No."

"Whatever. Come on, Bloom."

She and I walked to the house next door on our left. The paint had long
ago peeled away and the yard was filled with nutritionless dust and
dandelions. Even the cement was cracked and ragged as we walked up to
the front door.

I gave it a good knock---and the door swung open by itself. I heard the
faint crackling of fire from within and nudged it to open the rest of
the way.

Fire---the house was on a sort of pale colored flame---minus any smoke
or heat. Bloom grabbed my hand as I entered inside and took a look
around at the illusion.

It was hard to tell through the fire, but the place didn't look quite
abandoned. A house 10 years in disrepair would be falling apart, but the
inside looked good enough, it even had some decent condition furniture
in the living room.

"*Kon\'nichiwa*!" Bloom yelled.

I thought I heard footsteps and felt a set of eyes... I turned to the
hallway's entrance and looking through a wall of blue flame was a small
frame. The child from Bloom\'s vision.

Bloom let go of my hand and ran down the hallway after him.

"Wait!" I screeched, running after her.

It's not good to get involved with the affairs of spirits.

By the time I had stepped through the wall of flame into the hallway,
they were out of sight. I put up my right arm and stretched my fingers
apart, calling upon my astral self, conjuring its arms as an extension
of myself.

*Hello, Elliot*.

I felt the wall on the right with Izzy's arm, and it went right
through... a doorway appearing where there'd been none before.

The room I peered inside had Bloom on top of a smaller boy\'s body, the
fire apparently not extending inside this room. There were holes in the
floor, moonlight filtering through gaps in the dilapidated walls.

This was the real room of the real building, no illusions.

*How'd Bloom find this room, though*... I thought to myself. I carefully
inched over to her and put a hand on her shoulder, forcing her off the
spirit and back behind me.

The spirit floated up into the air, suspended and upright. I reached the
shimmering outline of my astral self out to the boy and planted Izzy's
hand on his forehead.

*Will you tell me what you saw last night*? Izzy said. Izzy was speaking
for me since the physical doesn't interact with the metaphysical, with
interstice.

This was sort of like being questioned at gunpoint for the spirit.

*The man who died last night---what did you see*?

The boy\'s mouth opened, then closed. Like three separate voices coming
from different directions speaking, and without his mouth moving, "I
didn't see a man."

*What do I ask, Elliot*? Izzy asked.

"What did you see?" I whispered.

She asked.

"It was so bright..."

"Ask him how long he was out," I whispered.

Izzy repeated the question.

"Thirsty. I'm so thirsty," the boy said.

I withdrew my hand from the boy, withdrawing my astral self as well. The
boy stayed where he was, suspended in the air, and I grabbed Bloom's
hand before leaving the room and then the house.

"That took longer than I expected for an empty house," Valentino said.
He had another IPA in his hand. I had no idea how he drank those beers
like water.

"No house is empty, not when you're in interstice... Will you drive? I
need to get a report for the DA's office and ponder a few things."

"No need to stop there, if it's the police report your after. I'll have
it faxed over to the mansion."

"Didn't expect you to have connections there."

"That's your problem, don't expect anything when it comes to me,"
Valentino said. "You're driving. Let's get the fuck out of here."


## Chapter 4

"I've got a bad feeling, Hiatus."

We were driving back to the Ferio mansion, our current headquarters,
when Valentino said that out of the blue.

"Why do you say that? About this Rich guy?"

"Maybe some of that, but mostly about the independence day raids we did.
Normally, there's more buzz around big destruction like we did. But
there's none, and to make matters worse group red lost a few people.
It's basically unheard of."

"That doesn't sound too bad, really."

"It's in the specifics. Like, that girl. You better keep her close.
There's word out there that they\'re looking for a few girls that just
about matches her description. She might be important, somehow."

"What else?"

"Group red failed in every conceivable way. I'm still investigating with
the Boss. It seems they were duped, but they don't have any strong
memories of the mission. Like... they were brainwashed. Or something."

"Sounds like you might have some sort of idea?" I asked. "That or you
wouldn't have a bad feeling at all."

"Wise words. I think we were set up. On all fronts. Or something so
close to it that it makes no difference," Valentino said.

"What's your gut say?"

"We should make a stop and inspect the damage. You're the pyromaniac,
would we be able to tell from the outside if those bombs you made had
any impact?"

"From miles away, yeah," I replied.

An hour and one pitstop later we were overlooking the spot we had raided
the night before, from the vantage of a nearby hill. Valentino was
gazing through some binoculars, scanning the ground below the Shire
Electrics building.

"It's no use," he finally said. "This doesn't look anything at all like
the place we were at yesterday... to a point."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

He handed me the binoculars and went over to the car.

I looked through, starting at the front of the building... which looked
exactly as I remembered it, minus all the dead bodies of PMC.

When I looked at the elevator down we had taken... there was none. And,
where the explosives I set off should have collapsed the structural
integrity of the underground quantum computer bunker, making it cave in
on itself...

I heard the sound of a bottle being opened from behind me. "If I didn't
know better, I'd say this was a different place. Ya feel me, Hiatus?"

I lowered the binoculars. "Seeing is believing, as they say. What the
hell did we do last night, if there's nothing here today?"

"That's the million dollar question. Idiot/Savants is a noncentralized
movement. We just do what we can to disrupt corrupt society."

"What're you getting at?" I asked, crossing my arms.

"Well, there's not really organization of any kind. It's like an idea,
not a society of peoples. While this makes it impossible to pinpoint
'members,' it makes that same coordination a society would have
impossible, too."

"So? Isn't that a good thing?"

"You're not picking up what I'm setting down... Let's say, not when the
enemy knows how to use that to their advantage. If they could, say,
predict when we would attack..."

"They could prepare a real doozy of a twist for us, eh? Well, the
independence day attacks have been consistent since '69, maybe they
outsmarted us."

"That's exactly what they did. I just don't understand to what
extent---on a whole, sweeping level of Idiot/Savant. And we're not
dealing with no fools here, they may have enacted some sort of
countermeasure."

"There is no countermeasure to terrorism. There's only terror," I said.

"Maybe, maybe not," Valentino shrugged. "You could say it's all a matter
of perspective. Now, within our cliche, can you think of something out
of place?"

I nodded my head, looking at the ground. "I can see how you can think
Bloom is, but I can vouch that she was in a legitimate mind loop. A real
fucked one, at that."

"Think, Hiatus. You *seem* smart. It's not her presence with us that's
suspicious, it's her, *herself*. Why would they go to such lengths for a
little girl? If we can answer that, we might be a step closer to the
truth."

"There's only group red, they\'re the only people who might know," I
said.

"Looks like we've gotta stop by their crib, then. The night is still
young."

Idiot/Savant is not an organization, it is a set of beliefs and a sworn
oath, one that anyone can undertake, even alone. There is no structure,
however, there is something not unlike "sects" of members, people who
act on these beliefs in a group.

Our group, or sect, goes by "Black." Adjacent to this group is another,
and while not being at all related will work in conjunction with us if
only because of the nature of our work outside of beliefs.

Black is a collection of people who work in the underworld, specifically
the social side of illegality. Red, then, works on things worse than
that. Death is their trade. Their a bunch of ruthless killers, and even
we, as seedy as we are, keep a good distance.

Normally, at least.

While I drove in their general direction, Valentino was on the phone
arranging a meeting place, which he had just gotten off from, closing
his Hologrip.

"We meet in Eagle River," he said to me. "A nice little shop called
Aureo. I've been there before to meet these people, I suspect they\'re
located out of Eagle River."

"You don't know for certain?" I said.

"Well, normally they don't know where we meet either. There was an
exception made for the independence day raids since we borrowed one of
their members."

"Fair enough. And perfect timing, the GPS says we're just a block away."

"Hiatus. Whatever you do, don't insult the leader, if that's indeed the
person we meet there. He's not easy to get along with, so keep your wits
about you."

"Duly noted."

Bloom rode on my back through elegant golden doors, "Aureo" said the
sign, an upend Italian restaurant.

We went up to the counter, Valentino giving the server a reservation
name not his own, and we were brought to a table with a man already
there and waiting.

The man was tall, exceedingly tall, wearing a fine gray suit, and was
eating sushi off a large wooden plate. I let Bloom off my back and got
ourselves seated, with her ending up on my lap.

"I thought this was an Italian restaurant," I said.

The man wiped his mouth before speaking in a posh tone with a hint of
some accent I couldn't pin. "I own the restaurant, so if I want sushi
they make sushi. Would you like to order? Consider it my treat."

"I don't think we'll be here long enough, unfortunately. Thanks for
taking the time, Vlad. I think this will help the both of us."

*Vlad*? Maybe that accent is a hint of Russian. It's not exactly
uncommon to be Russian here in Anchorage.

"I have to agree. I'm curious about the nature of July 4th's failure, as
well. So this is the girl they saved?" He nodded to Bloom.

"That's her, alright," said Valentino. "She doesn't remember anything
about her stay. Apparently, she was in a mind loop."

"Oh, dear! And who got her out of that..."

"Me. I did, and it wasn't pleasant."

"Correct me if I'm wrong..."

"Hiatus."

"Hiatus. But that's fairly complicated, is it not?"

"It's more symbolic than complicated. Metaphorical, if you would."

Vlad nodded his head at me several times, then turned to Valentino.
"Well, I can say this. The information we got wasn't right. We were
looking, of course, for key members of research and development.
Somehow, we wandered into something sinister, indeed."

If he was saying he wandered into a sinister place, it truly must've
been dark.

"Sinister?" Valentino asked.

"I'm not quite sure how to put it... and this information costs me an
arm and a leg, you see. What we were led to was something like a cult
base."

"With no relation to Shire?" I asked.

"No... direct relation to them," Vlad said, finishing his bite of sushi.
"It's hard to describe their... goal," he gestured around. "It's like a
cult because they worship something. I guess you could call it
ego-death."

"Like, with drugs?" I asked.

"More in a religious sense, like nirvana. I guess they\'re both toward
the same goal, but the method seems to matter to them. And that's where
they feel under the illusion of that girl... if I got the story
correctly."

"That's how I understand it, too," I said. "I don't see how she's
capable of such a feat, however. She'd done nothing remarkable since
then."

"A correction," Vlad said. "She's not been in a situation since then
that would require anything remarkable."

I nodded my head. It was true enough.

"I'd like very much if we could get the information you were working
with on July 4th," Valentino said. "I'd like to thoroughly investigate
this myself."

"I'll gladly send you a copy... It would weigh on me, though, if I
didn't warn you: do not mess with these people. If you stick your neck
out here, it'll get cut off. As it is, even I'm in danger. And another
thing..."

"Yes?" Valentino said.

"Keep that girl close, and safe. I've a hunch, as you must too by now,
that she's somehow important in all this."

It was 4:00 AM by the time we got back to Ferio's mansion. I was looking
at some documents, drinking an Elixier with Lil' Bloom playing on a
piece of smart paper next to me on the couch.

The documents had to do with the murder Rich was involved in. They
didn't shed him in a good light. It wasn't that he suspect number one,
they were so convinced it was him that he was *the only suspect*.

But the case was weird, anyway, if I was any judge. The kid wasn't on
the books at all, nobody knew who the hell he was.

And then there was the problem with the ghost next door to Rich. I
couldn't help but think it tied into this somehow, especially because of
how strong its illusions were. That's sort of the thing about ghosts
though, they always seem related.

It'd be a rookie mistake to connect the two without sufficient evidence.

I heard some people come through the front entrance down into the
mansion. I put down the papers and looked up at the entrance.

Three women---Ferio, master of this house, towing two other women I'd
not seen before.

There seems an unofficial rule to this house, one I'd not mentioned.
Anyone who sets foot in here seems to be---I hate the word genius, so I
won't use it---let's substitute that with 'higher caliber humans.'
Nobody here I've met is normal, even, maybe *especially*, in the cases
where they appear to be 'normal.' They\'re all 'high caliber' in their
fields.

"Having a good night, Ferio?" I asked from the couch to the entranceway
some fifteen feet away. She froze up as she regarded me, then smiled in
such a way that I can only describe as a shit-eating grin.

Shit.

She grabbed the brunette next to her, laughing with mirth. "Synthia,
this gentleman is Hiatus! I just *know* you two will get along so well!"
Ferio half dragged her over to the front room, putting her in a chair
across from me.

The lady, Synthia, swept her hair out of her face and with a bashful
look raised a timid hand. "Hi, Hiatus. How do you do?" She had an
enduring sort of a voice, somewhat raspy but in a distinctly feminine
contralto.

"Swell," I said. "Where do you come from?"

I looked over my shoulder at the second guest, who seemed dressed for an
entirely different occasion than the other two women, dressed in what
you might call high end fashion. It was a bit jarring to even look at.

"I'm from Minnesota, the twin cities..." She tried to smile but mostly
failed. It was almost charming, how little charm she seemed to have.

"Ah. I've actually been there, mostly in Minneapolis. There's a great
underground scene there."

Ferio interrupted. "See, I just knew there was a connection! Hiatus, why
don't you show her the way to Gibson? Apparently their old
acquaintances."

"I'd love to," I said, standing and offering her a hand up. She
reluctantly took my hand but once standing she didn't let go, instead,
looking deep into my eyes.

She was high as all hell, I realized. Still holding hands, we made our
way to the spiral staircase in the middle of the house.

"T-thanks," she said. "Um... could you do me a favor?"

"Probably," I said.

"I have a fear... you see. I'm scared of stairs?"

"Is that... a question?"

"No, I mean, *I am* scared of stairs. Could you carry me down into your
room?"

I stopped in my tracks and looked down at the short, meek girl. "Excuse
me?"

"I'm... too high. And, if you could make love to me, that'd be great.
I'll even pay you for your troubles!"

The woman, looking down at the ground, held up her arms like a child
wanting to be picked up. Something told me she wasn't being weird
because of drugs, but that this was some sort of routine for her. There
wasn't really a way to know either way, but that's what my gut said.

I picked her up in a bridal carry and made for my room.

Describing sex has the same problem as describing the effects of drugs.
The more specific you are, the less it'll make sense to someone else. In
proportion to the detail given directly lowers any potential relation
another person might have initially had with your experience.

A man named Roger, way ahead of his time, once told me that "the more
one person describes any object, the less any person can make sense of
it."

So I'll be brief, in spite of these facts.

The sex was great. In comparison to my own past experiences, it was the
best sex I had ever had by a not-insignificant margin. There was some
sort of compatibility, not unlike how people react differently to drugs,
that was impossible and incomparable.

All I could do afterward was lay on top of this woman, reeling in an
afterglow more alike to cardiac arrest. Her legs were tightly wrapped
around my hips, her lips locked to my own, hands clawing my back as if
her life depended on it.

A deep satisfaction washed over me and through my brain as she slowly
let go, and I pushed off either side of her to roll onto my back under
the covers we were under, catching my breath unexpectedly. I felt on my
back where she had drawn blood, which somehow only added to the allure
I'd felt with her.

I swayed my head to look at her, her face already facing mine. She
leaned in for a kiss, whispering, "we should see each other again..."
Synthia rolled onto her side to face me, and I looked deep into her
eyes... her pupils were normal.

"Are you not high anymore? What were you on?" I asked.

"It's a long story," Synthia warned.

"I've got a long time."

"Basically, I've got a congenital condition. It's like... I have an
anxiety disorder, but the symptoms are different than just anxiety. My
body produces too many stress hormones, and I'll suddenly become
physically sick."

"Okay..."

"But there's a solution. All I have to do is orgasm. The stronger the
orgasm, the longer I can go without symptoms..." She trailed off,
twirling her hair, avoiding my eyes. "But girls are weird, and
masturbation doesn't really get me off."

"You must be mutated, huh?"

Her eyes widened for a moment. "The only people who say that are mutated
themselves, in my experience."

"I am. I got off easy, though. Lights appear inverted, sort of. It's why
I always wear sunglasses, even indoors, even at night. I also have
synesthesia, of course."

She laughed, a hearty laugh. "It's why I'm named Synthia, my parents
knew I'd have synesthesia. They were both mutants. They say pairings
like that are bad luck."

"So, you have to have sex or you get sick? How often?"

"Kind of depends on my natural stress. Could be a week, or could be
every day."

"Well, feel free to call me whenever you need to. Or even when you
*don't* need to."

"I was really hoping you'd say something like that. I called up Ferio
looking for sex with her... but this turned out even better than I
expected. I use liquid love when I'm deprived of sex---to stave off
feeling sick."

Liquid love is a drug well known for inducing euphoric sensations like
that of an orgasm. It's short acting---especially when used as an
inhalant---so she'd have to use it every thirty minutes or so if taken
as a liquid.

Synthia leaned in then and whispered in my ear: "I think someone's
outside the door?"

I leaned up in bed and looked to the door. There was an eye peeking in.

"Bloom!"

She scurried away.

"Is that your kid or something?" Synthia asked.

"That's a long story, too. Right now she's under my protection, you
could say. So, you're really scared of stairs? Or were you just saying
that?"

"I really do have a phobia of flights of stairs. Whenever going up or
down more than seven stairs, I have to hold someone's hand."

"That's... interesting. Sounds mighty inconvenient."

"You have no idea," Synthia said, who was getting up and collecting her
scattered clothes. "I'd like to meet Gibson now if that's okay. I really
do know him from a long time ago."

"How'd you meet?" I asked, getting dressed too.

"He's a bit of a legend in the hacker scene. That's not what I do, per
se---I just write software---but he helped me with some problematic
people in the past."

"To be honest, I don't know shit about Gibson besides that he's a
tech-head."

"He's a lot more than that... Not a lot of people have the chance to
talk with him, he's quite elusive. You should take advantage of that."


## Chapter 5

Dressed now, I led her out of my room and further down the hall---to the
room we know as 'the harem,' an enduring name because it holds all of
Gibson\'s wives.

His computers.

I knocked before entering. "Gibson, you've got a guest," I said.

He swiveled around in a tall backed black computer chair, the room dark
beside the light coming from an array of computer screens behind him.
"You can turn on the lights," he said.

I did so. Gibson\'s moppy brown hair and frameless glasses came into
view, those glasses supposedly a computer too. The one thing I did know
about Gibson was that he made a point to wear nothing with branding on
it---he said it made you less human.

"Remember me?" Synthia said.

Gibson squinted his eyes. "Moonwalker, right? Last I talked to you, you
were knee deep in shit with the exact wrong people."

"You saved my ass. It was seven years ago---I would have been a teen
back then. I'm surprised *and* impressed you remember my handle."

"I didn't save shit," Gibson said. "Nobody can 'save' someone else. You
went and saved yourself."

"Maybe so, Gibson. Maybe so, but I couldn't have without your undeniable
help. And then you just disappeared off the face of the world. No
trace---nobody to thank."

"What happened back then?" I asked, looking at Synthia.

"It's sort of a blight on my perfect record---I wouldn't like to talk
about it. Well, I never thought I'd get to see you again Gibson. What
are you working on nowadays?"

"I've been fiddling with a philosophical piece," Gibson said. "It has to
do with aliens."

"Aliens?" I repeated.

"Not the kind from outer space, I don't think," Synthia said. "He's
probably talking about the rapid advancement in technology."

"What's that have to do with aliens?"

"Indeed, Moonwalker---"

"You can call me Synthia now."

"Synthia," Gibson corrected. "You see, Hiatus, any technology that is
advanced enough is indistinguishable from magic, and it's my argument
that we've reached an age where our tech is now even foreign to
ourselves. It's alien."

"But isn't all technology perfectly understood? Like, we know how it all
works."

"That's not entirely true. Quantum computers are not perfectly
understood, because we do not perfectly understand quantum mechanics. In
fact, ever since The Dispossession and discovery of a mirror universe
even the experts are conflicted. Instead of living in a world that
operates by rules, by a standard model, we live in a world of many
interpretations."

"The death of fact," Synthia said to me. I gave her a quizzical look.
"You know that saying, that 'opinions are like assholes, everybody\'s
got one.' It's like that, but instead of everybody having one, it's all
we have. There is no more shared 'truth.'"

"Post-modernism at its finest," I said.

"It's more than that. In the late 20th century we thought that
technology would make us grow closer, but in fact all it's done is
separate us. Instead of putting more people on the same wavelength, it's
put us into individual microbiomes. These biomes are like echo chambers.
It's making us lose humanity."

"Humanity... like what makes us human, yeah?" I said. "I remember I took
an eastern philosophy class where the teacher told me that the common
persons thought on history will be on the same factual level as a choose
your own adventure book within my lifetime. That didn't age well."

"This isn't about art, Hiatus," Synthia said. "Post-modernism is dead,
anyway. This is a philosophy Gibson is trying to make, for the zeitgeist
of the times."

It seems I was shot down. "Well, go on Gibson. I'm listening."

"There's not much more to say," Gibson said. "At this point, it becomes
a balancing act on how best to function in society and save your own
humanity."

"What's your thesis?" I asked.

"Are you familiar with Albert Camus?" Gibson asked.

"French philosopher. I've read a book by him, I think."

"His idea of the absurd is that there are marbles of inexplicability in
our lives, of horrible senseless things that happen because the world is
inherently without meaning."

"We live on a rock floating through space, as he said," Synthia said to
me.

"We live in a world where everything is absurd. To live now means to
grapple with the extremes of logic at all times. We must live with
extreme caution, but while also having a set of beliefs in spite of the
only real truth---that there is none."

"That was beautiful," Synthia said.

"You should publish," I said. "Even I'll admit, there was something
resonating about what you just said."

"I'd rather make my own biomes and pollute them myself," Gibson said.
"Those that know where to look will find me."

"As elusive as ever," Synthia said. "Let me ask you, what do you think
of Carcinogen?"

Even I knew what Carcinogen was. Standard computers with a "virus" that
gives them attributes of life, and sometimes consciousness.

"It all started when we coded the universal language," Gibson began.
"It's a miracle we found any use at all for it in computer science, but
at the same time, it's also amazing and frightening."

The universal language came over with The Dispossession. Ents taught us
it, those selfless bastards. They'd be ruling the world right now if
they kept it to themselves, and it'd probably be for the better.

"Is it true what they say?" Synthia asked. "That Carcinogen is actually
just a shell of a program that fills itself?"

"Somewhat. It's more like a mutation---not unlike human ones. How the
code varies so wildly from computer to computer is anyone's guess. Like
I said before, it might as well be magic."

"You're losing me," I said.

"Computer programs can only do what you program them to," Synthia said.
"The universal language programs itself. Even when speaking it, what any
one person hears is different from the next even though a group will all
*understand* the same thing."

The universal language is also called charming for short. I used it when
I met Bloom. It can make people, or perhaps force them, to understand a
perspective. She made this easy to understand for me.

"So this computer virus is like an actual virus? In that, it literally
mutates."

"That's why it's called a virus," Gibson says, "not in the sense that it
infects computers like a *computer virus* but that it mimics a *human
virus*. It's the computer equivalent to the germs that came over with
The Dispossession, uncannily so."

That germ, more theorized than ever found, is what mutated me, or any
mutant who can use interstice. Everyone contracts it at some point in
their life, and it still kills many. Most don't mutate from it at all
but only get really sick.

"I see why you said I should be talking to Gibson more," I said to
Synthia.

"He's the savant to the idiot," Synthia said.

Gibson cleared his throat. "Enough flattery or I'll kick you both out."

The sky was a purple hue with not a cloud in sight. We, that being
Synthia and Bloom and I, left Gibson on an impromptu date for dinner.

"I'm still not used to Anchorage," Synthia said. "How it's basically
never completely night... It's so strange here in the far North, like
magic."

We were going on a walk now, our bellies full of food and heads empty of
thought as we strolled through a local ent resting place, basically a
park.

"It takes some time to get used to. How long have you lived here now?"

"Almost a year. It's been a treat so far, I much prefer it here to my
hometown. What about you, Hiatus?"

"I've been here for almost six years now. I wanted to escape the coast
of California, to a big city. Anchorage fit the bill. I was a sort of
private eye for a private company until I went back to school for
chemistry. I design drugs now."

"Design drugs?" Synthia asked, tilting her head at me.

"Every good revolution needs drugs, you see. I don't so much manufacture
drugs as I come up with them. It's kind of an art since most chemists
have no fucking imagination."

She laughed at that. "It's kind of hard to imagine, is all. Must be nice
to sample all the drugs you make though."

"I came up with Elixir. It's my magnum opus, I'll never come up with
anything more novel than that."

"You made that? Really?"

"Yeah. People pay good money for a drug to fit their 'image and style'
and that's what I did until 2069 when I took the Idiot/Savant oath.
Elixir is my contribution towards the movement."

"Very interesting... Hey, what is Bloom doing over there?"

"That's... the head tree," I said. The head tree is the first tree to
grow from the remains of the ent. I started walking her way, into a
grove of black oaks. Her voice, in an enchanted tone, came to my ears
first.

"*My name is Bloom*!"

"There's no fucking way..." I said, turning to Synthia, who had a
similarly disturbed face. I started running in a mad sprint the rest of
the way to her. "Stop!"

She turned to me, startled, and I saw behind her small frame.

The head tree's spirit.

The shape of an androgynous face in the tree's bark, its features moving
as if alive... of course, it wasn't physical, just a spiritual
manifestation of what once lived.

"*You are in grave danger*," it drawled out in the universal language.
"*And it's already too late*. *Stay here in my grove*... *while it still
stands*. *I give you my blessing*."

I felt the urgency and importance of the words that only a charm can
convey. There was something seriously wrong, that much was certain. I
scanned around the area, looking for anything out of place.

I reached under my jacket and grabbed my tomahawk. "Bloom, hold onto
Synthia's hand." I looked down at her. "Now."

It was no sooner than that---

The sound of trees crashing.

Spotlights shining on me, blinding me.

"We'll try diplomacy," came a feminine voice. I looked to the sound,
seeing two silhouettes from the lightbar of a truck, suddenly at the
edge of the grove. "Although I don't have much faith in it, sister."


