---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/journal/era-acta/2025-08-13-i-m-not-human/"}
---

#Era/Acta #People/Brooklyn 

I was editing the video this morning of waxing yesterday with Bailey and Brook. It was... Weird. I was weird. I'm not sure how strange I come off to other people as, I could see people getting use to me quick enough... And I could also see people just never getting use to the quirks I have. And I knew I had them but seeing them was completely different. One time Bailey point blank asked me for the charging cord and I... Was not there, I might as well have been in a different room. I did this thing where my lip didn't move as much as my other lip. It didn't look unnatural, exactly, but it was notable enough that I wondered what the fuck was happening. Its the lip with my lip ring hoop. That's all I can think of it being. My voice was... Not as bad as I thought. It was sort of inconsistent. Definitely deeper than I want. Sometimes I seem to just stop trying to alter it at all, seemingly when I relax which actually seems like it would be the opposite, but no. But the really... Really weird thing was just how... I'm not even sure how to put it. I wasn't entirely in the moment. Ever. I seemed to talk over people and laugh at things I said that I can't even be sure are jokes, it reminded me of how my dad talks actually, but when my dad does it there's bite to it and when I do it... I think that I think I'm being funny. But I wasn't. Rarely I was, rarely I would be really funny, but mostly I wasn't. And again, I just... Didn't respect other people talking. This really got me, especially how many times I did it. And I came back to that idea that I have, that I'm best in one on one situations. I don't think I could juggle being in a group dynamic, even with two people I like and trust. And honestly watching myself back from someone elses view, I'm unsure I'm even as good as I think I am when it's just me and one other person. 

I can't put my finger on what changed, but how I view my own self will never be the same. And in a satisfying way, some things I didn't understand before make sense now. Though, I can't explain that either. 